Avoid duplicate informations in documentation (#6184)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: docs/reference/field_types.rst

=======================================    =============================================
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_ARRAY``           display value from an array
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_BOOLEAN``         display a green or red picture dependant on the boolean value
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_DATE``            display a formatted date. Accepts the option ``format``

> ``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_TIME``            display a formatted time. Accepts the option ``format`` and ``timezone``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_TIME``            display a formatted time. Accepts the options ``format`` and ``timezone``
```

Author: Fixed. Please approve again :)

``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_TIME``            display a formatted time. Accepts an optional ``format`` and ``timezone`` parameter
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_DATETIME``        display a formatted date and time. Accepts an optional ``format`` and ``timezone`` parameter
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_STRING``          display a text

> ``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_EMAIL``           display a mailto link. Accepts an optional ``as_string``, ``subject`` and ``body`` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_EMAIL``           display a mailto link. Accepts the options ``as_string``, ``subject`` and ``body``
```

``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_ARRAY``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can use the following options:

======================================  ============================================================

> Parameter                               Description

Reviewer: I think, if possible, we should replace all the "parameter" occurrences with "option".
```suggestion
Option                               Description
```

Author: It should be better now

        ;
    }

``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_BOOLEAN``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can use the following parameters:

Reviewer: Maybe we should the term "options" instead of "parameters", in order to be consistent with the wording of the form types.

Author: I agree. I replace all occurences.

        ;
    }

``TemplateRegistry::TYPE_BOOLEAN``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can use the following parameters:

======================================  ======================================================================
Parameter                               Description
======================================  ======================================================================
**ajax_hidden**                         Yes/No; ajax_hidden allows to hide list field during an AJAX context.
**editable**                            Yes/No; editable allows to edit directly from the list if authorized.
**inverse**                             Yes/No; reverses the background color (green for false, red for true).
======================================  ======================================================================

.. code-block:: php

    protected function configureListFields(ListMapper $listMapper)
    {

>         // For the value `prog`, the displayed text is `In progress`. The `App` catalogue will be used to translate `In progress` message.

Reviewer: I don' understand this comment. Is it respecting a previous example scenario or something like that?

Author: My bad, it was coming from a (bad) copy/paste.

IMHO, catalogue should be deprecated in favor of translation_domain.
But it's currently the valid option.

See https://github.com/sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle/issues/6116

======================================  ============================================================
Parameter                               Description
======================================  ============================================================
**choices**                             Array of choices.

> **multiple**                            Is it a multiple choice option? Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**multiple**                            Determines if choosing multiple options is allowed. Defaults to false.
```

> **delimiter**                           Separator of values if multiple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**delimiter**                           Separator of values, if multiple.
```

**catalogue**                           Translation catalogue.

> **class**                               Class path for editable association field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**class**                               Class qualified name for editable association field.
```
